Welcome back. Hopefully you had some time to think about the vulnerability in this code.
If you didn't get it that's fine.
We'll go over the answer now.
To see what's wrong with the code let's walk through what's actually happening here.
Like we said earlier it all makes sense.
Set the balance that sender has contributed,
set there wallet address then return the Ether.
The problem is you don't ever know exactly how
a while it will choose to interact with your contract.
They might do something completely different than you had expected.
In this case, the problem is right here.
In this line payout is calling a function that exists within the contributing wallet.
Once calling that wallet we're leaving it up to its function
to determine what commands exist inside of that wallet.
What if for instance the function in the contributing wallet were
to call the withdrawal coins function from this fundraiser contract.
In this case, the withdrawal coins function would start over,
this happens before the balances ever set to zero.
If we can do this over and over we'll continue taking
Ether potentially until we drain the entire contract.
So, that's it, that's the secret of how this code the Dao
resulted in the loss of around $60 million and Ether,
it's really that simple,
and it's a great example of how easily something like this can be overlooked.
Before we move on there's a couple more steps I'd like you to get some experience with.
Now that you know the vulnerability,
see if you can write the code into the wallet
that would actually exploit the weakness shown here.
To do that you can copy the code down below over to re-mix,
from there write a few lines of code into the wallet contract.
Once you're don, e deploy each wallet then use them to interact with each other.
One tip I'll give ahead of time is that you can't just withdraw infinitely,
and lists execution of the function within the contract will
max out the contracts capacity resulting in an error.
Like before we'll go over this in the next video,
but see if you can get the solution ahead of time to get some practice.